I remember what you said to me the other day
You have the power to avenge your grandfather
You didn't know I was coming
I don't need to rely on you and have true dreams
Hahaha, I really didn't see the wrong person.
I'm sure you won't let me down.
Three course meal
I will let him
A reluctant one
I am waiting for your good news in Shencheng.
Hahahaha
Grandma Yan is now the truth
I don't know if I can get the Ye family's recognition
Shen Wuya, your identity as the president of the Chamber of Commerce
It's worthy of kissing no grandma
Don't say what you deserve
Wuyan and I are truly in love, dear.
I thank you for always being with me.
I will always be with you
I will support you no matter what you do.